hey everyone kic here and no you're not
going crazy that is indeed a really
badly cut off video that's because I'm
testing out the razor blade at 2014 14
inch gaming notebook as you can see on
the screen right here on the left 1080p
on the right in the sort of cut out 3200
by 1800 yes you read that correctly 3200
by 1800 what is that resolution well
it's double 1600 x 900 which you know
few years ago 16 by 9 that straight of
16 by 9 not an entirely uncommon
resolution for say 14 15 inch notebooks
well if you're familiar with the razor
blade that just came out then you know
it has a3k display when they say 3k they
mean 3200 by 1800 so yes your TV pales
compared to a 14-inch screen kind of sad
unless of course you have a 4k screen in
which case well just spend 10 grand on a
4k TV so cool those are pretty neat
things anyway you've probably seen this
before this is just Skyrim it's the
opening montage when you start a
character obviously it's going a little
bit faster than normally does it's going
about four times faster because you've
all seen this stuff but you really care
about are the numbers in pain I wish
they were a little bigger because
they're kind of hard to read but on the
top left I left out temperature so on
the right-hand side the first number
you'll see is temperature everything
else is I hope somewhat explanatory if
not let me know it's basically GPU speed
memory usage memory speed and then
frames would be the very last number
which I keep popping a number on screen
just so you can kind of get an idea of
what it looks like so anyway again just
kind of blazing through here this guy is
going to get his head cut off I
apologize to anyone who might be
squeamish but again if you've seen this
game you know what happens there anyway
here's a little bit of an idea of what
it looks like when you get a little
more proper footage going again I wish I
could show you what it looks like
exactly 3200 it's kind of crazy there is
a bug to speak of it constantly says
level up on the screen you can't see it
because how I have the 3200 box frame
but trust me it says level up on there
and it has said level up since well
creating the character and time to level
up I presume it goes away if you level
up but honestly I haven't had a chance
to play and find out so that's pretty
much what Skyrim looks like it's crazy
resolutions I hope you guys enjoyed
watching if you have any questions leave
a comment see you later